Brinda Adige is a leading advocate for children's and women's rights, making remarkable strides in these critical areas. With a career spanning decades, she has consistently championed innovative approaches to protection, justice, and empowerment. She is part of the Karnataka High Power Committee against Human Trafficking, Task Force against Human Trafficking with the District Legal Services Authority, Bengaluru and the Convener for Mukti-An Alliance against Human Trafficking and bonded Labour.

In 1992, Brinda pioneered work on child-friendly policing while working with BOSCO, building advocacy and collaborative actions supported by UNICEF. Her efforts were instrumental in streamlining CHILD Ashram in Nellore and Sathi in Raichur. //In 1997, she founded Makkala Sahaya Vani, India's first dedicated child protection helpline, revolutionizing the country's approach to child safety. Additionally, she developed the “People-Friendly, Gender-Sensitive Police Training” module for the Karnataka State Police, transforming the way law enforcement engages with communities.

From 2015 to 2018, Brinda spearheaded the “Safer Cities Free from Violence Against Women and Children” initiative, supported by the Hans Seidel Foundation. This initiative significantly enhanced access to justice through the Karnataka State Commission for Human Rights and was instrumental in establishing the Karnataka State High Power Committee Against Human Trafficking.

Currently, as the Director of Global Concerns India, Brinda focuses on advocacy, capacity building, communications, and resource mobilization, empowering marginalized communities and fostering a safer, more equitable society.
